Removed Python 3.8 from our compatibility charts (#274)
astronomer/docs: enterprise/next/02_develop/02_customize-image.md

- If you're pushing up to Astronomer, you're free to deploy by running `$ astro deploy` or by triggering your CI/CD pipeline

For more detail on the Astronomer deployment process, refer to [Deploy to Astronomer via the CLI](/docs/enterprise/stable/deploy/deploy-cli/).

> ## Change Python Versions

Reviewer: Could his be "Customize Python Version" maybe? Or "Customize Python Version in AC Docker image"? I don't love "Change", but don't feel too strongly either

Author: Seems like version number isn't something you necessarily customize. If they're unlikely to go back a version, we could change it to "upgrade"?

Reviewer 2: I would put "Build with a Different Python Version" -- conceptually what we are doing is similar to "Build from a Private Repository" -- which is the section above

By default, Astronomer's Docker image has been tested and built only with Python 3.7. However, can also use Python version to 3.6 or 3.8 by specifying the `PYTHON_MAJOR_MINOR_VERSION` variable when building a custom version of the image.

> For example, running the following command would build your image with Python 3.6:
> 
> ```sh
> docker build --build arg PYTHON_MAJOR_MINOR_VERSION=3.6 -t astronomer-certified:python3.6-2.0.0-buster
> ```
> 
> > **Note:** While Astronomer's Docker image is compatible with both Python 3.6 and 3.8, it has been tested only with 3.7.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a custom Astronomer Certified Docker image, you can:

1. Clone the [astronomer/ap-airflow GitHub repository](https://github.com/astronomer/ap-airflow).
2. In your command line, navigate to a directory in the repo that corresponds to the version of Apache Airflow you'd like to run. For Apache Airflow 2.0.0, go to `ap-airflow/2.0.0/buster/`.
3. Run `$ docker build` with args for the version of Python you'd like to support. For Python 3.8, run:

```sh
$ docker build --build arg PYTHON_MAJOR_MINOR_VERSION=3.8 -t astronomer-certified:python3.8-2.0.0-buster
```

> **Note:** Astronomer Certified Docker images for Apache Airflow 1.10.14+ are Debian-based only. To run Docker images based on Alpine-Linux for Airflow versions 1.10.7, 1.10.10, or 1.10.12, specify `alpine3.10` instead of `buster`.
```

Reviewer: ^Weird formatting in my suggestion with `code ticks` - might have to apply changes directly

Author: We have these instructions elsewhere in the guide. Does it help to repeat them here? I could also link out to the `Build from a Private Repository` section where these steps are present.

Author: Minor wording updates here, but otherwise implemented these changes.

- If you're pushing up to Astronomer, you're free to deploy by running `$ astro deploy` or by triggering your CI/CD pipeline

For more detail on the Astronomer deployment process, refer to [Deploy to Astronomer via the CLI](/docs/enterprise/stable/deploy/deploy-cli/).

## Change Python Versions

While the Astronomer Certified (AC) Python Wheel supports Python versions 3.6, 3.7, and 3.8, AC Docker images have been tested and built only for Python 3.7. To run Astronomer Certified on Docker with Python versions 3.6 or 3.8, you need to create a custom version of the image, specify the `PYTHON_MAJOR_MINOR_VERSION` build argument, and push the custom image to an existing Docker registry. To do so:

To create a custom Astronomer Certified Docker image, with a different Python version, you can:

> 1. Using `docker build`, rebuild an [Astronomer Certified Docker image](https://github.com/astronomer/ap-airflow#master:2.0.0/buster) and specify `PYTHON_MAJOR_MINOR_VERSION` for the version of Python you'd like to support. For example, the command for rebuilding the Astronomer Certified image for Airflow 2.0.0 with Python 3.8 would look something like this:

Reviewer: Added a part of the sentence here to explicitly mention they'll have to replace/tweak the GitHub URL depending on what version of Airflow they'd like to support. You could also add a note after that reads:

> Note: If you're running Airflow 1.10.14, the GitHub URL here would be: `https://github.com/astronomer/ap-airflow.git#master:1.10.14/buster`

    ```sh

>     $ docker build --build-arg PYTHON_MAJOR_MINOR_VERSION=3.8 -t <your-registry>/ap-airflow:<image-tag> https://github.com/astronomer/ap-airflow.git#master:2.0.0/buster

Author: Added a little best practice for this

    ```

2. Push the custom image to your Docker registry. Based on the example in the previous step, the command to do so would look something like this:

    ```sh
    $ docker push <your-registry>/ap-airflow:<image-tag>
    ```

3. Update the `FROM` line of your `Dockerfile` to reference the custom image. Based on the previous example, the line would read:

    ```
    FROM <your-registry>/ap-airflow:<image-tag>
    ```

> > **Note:** Astronomer Certified Docker images for Apache Airflow 1.10.14+ are Debian-based only. To run Docker images based on Alpine-Linux for Airflow versions 1.10.7, 1.10.10, or 1.10.12, specify alpine3.10 instead of buster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Astronomer Certified Docker images for Apache Airflow 1.10.14+ are Debian-based only. To run Docker images based on Alpine-Linux for Airflow versions 1.10.7, 1.10.10, or 1.10.12, specify `alpine3.10` instead of `buster` in the GitHub URL.
```
